{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs64 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Museum of Stories
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl368\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What is the purpose of a museum? This is the question we asked ourselves at the beginning of our design. To us a museum is about cultural exchange and learning about the stories and histories of others. With this in mind we developed the core idea for our museum: writing.\
Writing has many purposes and is known to have a calming and even meditative effect. It helps us to process and deal with our emotions - some things are easier written than said. This was the starting point for our design. Our museum is a place to write about one\'92s own story and thoughts. We offer spaces for all different kinds of writing and even recording. Here visitors can share whatever they wish to and have a medium to do so. The key point being it is all voluntary. \
It was important to us to really give back a voice to individual people. In our museum we wish to highlight the individual and give everyone the opportunity to share their personal voice. We even offer a space to collect written letters and postcards which are to be sent to someone outside of the museum. \
To structure the writings a little we introduced monthly topics on which to write about (e.g. migration, etc.). In the end it is about sharing what you wish to share and learning about others. With this we wish to also strengthen the community and offer a space to connect with other people.\
To implement this program into the MEN museum we made several interventions. \
The visitor experience starts in the villa. This is the more extroverted part of the museum where exchange is encouraged. Here we removed many of the floors to open up the former domestic residence and fill it with new meaning. The villa was built with colonial funds and thus represents the problematic past of Neuch\'e2tel. By removing some floors, we punch holes into this colonial past but also leave remnants to not sweep this history under the carpet completely. To take up the loads carried by the removed floor slabs we built in small wooden frames along the edge of the removed plates. These are small aesthetic details and also a visual marker of what once was.\
Through the main entrance one arrives in an exhibition hall with an atrium. Here information regarding the current writing topic is exhibited. To the left one can find an auditorium with a stage where visitors can choose to share their stories publicly or listen to presentations and public talks. To the right is the cafeteria. On the opposite side of the entrance there is a small library with books on the history of Neuch\'e2tel. These can serve as additional information and conversation starters. On the upper floor there are workshop rooms for group activities such as book clubs and lounge spaces to withdraw to. \
In the middle part connecting the villa and the Black Box there is a circular courtyard providing the space with light. This area is an exhibition space where the writings of the visitors are displayed (monthly, on the current topic). Later these will move into the basement archive.\
Finally, the Black Box is the more introverted part of the museum and focuses more on the individual. On the upper and ground floor one can go to write or record. There are circular pods for more privacy and intimacy. We also designed semicircular walls with integrated furniture for more open writing. This way we cater to different kinds of preferences. \'a0We built in glass tubes connecting all the floors. These allow \'a0visitors to throw their written letters, cards, notes, etc. into the tube on the upper floors and then in the underground floor, these writings can be taken out and read by other visitors. Additionally, these tubes act as natural light sources throughout the three stories.\
Finally in the underground floor the daily writings and recordings can be taken out of the bowls collecting them and be read in the reading/listening lounge area. Adjacent to this in the middle part of the building there is also a contemplation court. This allows the visitors to reflect on the stories they read and serves as a quiet retreat.\
Facing the garden, we left the fa\'e7ade of the Black Box blank. Here writings of visitors are to be projected, giving the people outside a glimpse into what is happening inside and invite them in to share their own thoughts and stories. The new middle part is made of rammed earth and also has no window openings. The cone shaped courtyard is the only light source. Here we also introduced columns, echoing the rhythm of the Black Boxes columns. This theme of verticality is a recurring one in our whole project. \
\'a0\
}