{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 THE L UNITS\

\f1\b0\fs20 ANNEKE ITEN DE LE\'d3N\
HS22 STUDIO KAIJIMA FINAL REVIEW\

\fs22 My project consists of five houses of a typology of an L form, characteristic of the villa Gallay. This housing units are meant for families of 4 people. The goal of this project is to achieve private and public outside spaces through individual units. This was possible with the L form, that allows an inner patio to be formed. This inner patio is located one level below the entrance to create the most private space.The instance of the terrace that are facing south allowing the families to have a private space with a view. Another character that reveals the form, is the guiding effect that it produces. It starts at the entrance and finishes at the terrace and patio. This creates a path from one room to the other that is guided by the form. The house was designed to see the potential of the L form in a small volume. With a size of roughly 8 by 8 m and two stories Due to its size, the houses are built out of a post beam wooden structure on a concrete base. Wood was chosen for its material feel and sustainable characteristic. On the other hand, concrete was only used on the foundation, because it is partially under the terra. The central area is defined by the arrangement of the houses. These were placed in a circle, but still following the lines of the terra and the terrace direction to the south. The houses were placed spaced out to create the central public space, but also close enough to each other to create a unity feel between the houses. Around the houses there is untouched terra left for gardening or just walking. The central space is divided in two platforms, to access the two levels at which the entrances are located. The two levels are connected through a flight of stairs which also serves as smaller platforms with sitting space. The two open spaces serve the purpose of community space that can be adapted to organise different events, like grills and birthday parties or even sports. This space is not only for the habitants of the houses, but can also be used by anybody that wants to enjoy it }